We can now read in the email and password that a user enters into this form when they submit it.
So now we need to take that email and password and reach out to our service and attempt to sign up for
a new account.
So how are we going to do that?
Well, remember, we've already discussed this at a great length when we were initially putting together
our service.
The All Service has a post request handler watching for incoming requests on API users sign up.
So all we have to do from our React application running inside the browser is make a post request to
API user sign up that's going to go off to our service.
Now the reason I'm kind of making a big deal around this is remember we actually have multiple layers
of things between the browser and the OTT service.
We've got the Ingress Engine X Service, which is going to handle some initial routing.
Whenever Ingress Engine X routes, the request, it goes off to a cluster IP service running inside
of our cluster and from the cluster IP service.
Then the thing finally gets sent off to the pod that is running our off container.
And then inside that container is the express application that's going to route the request to a request
handler where we actually create our user.
So even though this diagram looks really simple, remember there are many things running between our
actual off container and the browser.
Okay.
So I'll let mind again.
All we really have to do here is make an Ajax request to our service, specifically that route right
there.
To make the request itself, we're going to use the Axios library.
We need to install Axios, so I'm going to flip back over to my terminal and again inside my client
directory.
I will run an NPM install Axios.
Now just like bootstrap whenever we install something or make a change to that package.
JSON file scaffold needs to rebuild the image and then deploy it into our cluster.
So after running this command, you're going to want to go back over to the window running scaffold.
And make sure that you wait for the installation to be completed.
So you're going to see something like this right here, all that gibberish.
So there's my NPM install.
The image was rebuilt and then eventually updated inside the cluster.
And I could see right there is where the pod got restarted with a new version of that image.
The image that has Axios installed.
So make sure you wait for that installation process to be completed.
Once it's done, we can then go into our editor and start to write out some code inside of here to make
use of Axios.
So at the very top we will first import Axios from Axios.
All.
Then find the submit.
I'm going to delete the console log and replace it with.
Await Axios dot post.
Two API users sign up.
And I'll pass along the email and password as the second argument.
Let's then take the response coming back from this.
And right now I'll do a console log of response dot data just you know, whenever Axios gets a response
from some request, the actual response data is available on response data.
So we're just going to make sure that we get back something that looks like a user, something that
describes we just signed in as well.
Then save this.
I'm going to flip back over to my browser and again, if you did not wait for everything to be restarted,
then you're going to get an error when you run this code or more relevant when we even try to refresh
our code.
Because I tried to use the awake keyword right here without marking the enclosing function as async.
That's better.
Okay.
Now, the air went away.
So again, if you tried to submit this form now and you get an error about Axios being undefined or
something like that, you need to make sure that you wait for Axios to be installed.
Well then go ahead and enter in an email address right here.
So I'll do test 20 at Test and a password.
Well, then hit sign up.
And there's the response right there.
So I've got an email and the ID of the user that I just signed up as.
And in theory, I now have a cookie tied as well that identifies me to the back end server.
If I go over to network.
And find air right here.
I can then click on sign up.
Take a look at the headers tab and if I find it response headers I should see inside of here a set cookie.
There it is right there.
So remember the set cookie header is what sets a cookie.
My browser is going to intercept this header and automatically manage that data.
Now, any time I make a follow up request to the backend server, this cookie will be automatically
included with the request.
And remember, that is the mechanism that identifies us.
Well, I'd say this is a good success.
However, do remember that we put in some actual validation for this thing as well.
We said that an email must look like an email.
Right now, if I change the email input to an invalid email and then try to submit, I definitely get
an error.
So there's the request right there.
If I take a look at the response, there is our standard error formatting, but we are not actually
showing this information anywhere on the screen.
So this definitely looks good, but we still got a little bit of work to do.
So let's take a quick pause and then add in some of this actual validation handling in the next video.